Add procedure for republishing repo (#2252)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_republishing-content-view-metadata.adoc

[id="Republishing_Content_View_Metadata_{context}"]
= Republishing Content View Metadata

Use this procedure to republish Content View metadata.

.Procedure

> . In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content View* > *Versions* tab.
> . Select the Content View version metadata you want to republish, click the vertical ellipsis icon, and click *Republish repository metadata*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Content Views*.
. Select a Content View.
. On the *Versions* tab, select a Content View version.
. To republish metadata for the Content View version, click *Republish repository metadata* from the vertical ellipsis icon.
```

I've tried to test this on Foreman 3.7. I am unsure about the wordiing of the fourth step in my suggestion.

[id="Republishing_Content_View_Metadata_{context}"]
= Republishing Content View Metadata

Use this procedure to republish Content View metadata.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.Procedure
```
